README.md, before:

# Creating a Repo
7. Make your first repo on GitHub
    - Either in the organization or your own personal account
8. Create some practice assignments via GitHub Classroom
    - Provide starter code for some of them from the repos you made in step 

**Note:** 
I usually have a "Tester" account that is added to all the organizations that were created.  This tester account is a GitHub account created with a separate email.  This account is invited to the organizations as a "member" just like students would be.  

I use this account to see what students  see when accepting the GitHub Classroom assignments and what their repos look like.  This account is also used for pushing back up to the student repo to see how I as the teacher would be able to access or download.  

I really just use it for messing around with the two accounts via two different web browsers to see the interaction the teacher account (one with the education discount) can have with students (members who join the organization)

Commit message:

Added videos for creating repos

README.md, after:

# Creating a Repo
The process outlined here is also explained in the following videos:
- [Creating a repo within GitHub](https://youtu.be/RZrp5nrgqMM)
- [Creating a repo outside of GitHub and Pushing to GitHub](https://youtu.be/z8asKCDCix0)

7. Make your first repo on GitHub
    - Either in the organization or your own personal account
8. Create some practice assignments via GitHub Classroom
    - Provide starter code for some of them from the repos you made in step 

**Note:** 
I usually have a "Tester" account that is added to all the organizations that were created.  This tester account is a GitHub account created with a separate email.  This account is invited to the organizations as a "member" just like students would be.  

I use this account to see what students  see when accepting the GitHub Classroom assignments and what their repos look like.  This account is also used for pushing back up to the student repo to see how I as the teacher would be able to access or download.  

I really just use it for messing around with the two accounts via two different web browsers to see the interaction the teacher account (one with the education discount) can have with students (members who join the organization)
